The Joe Rogan experience.
He was one of, uh, Nick's training partners.
He's been a training partner of Nick's forever. Nick, Nick Diaz, that guy, Joe.
Shelling. Oh my God. I thought you meant the guy that got knocked out. I.
Was like, no, no, wait, what the? Joe shelling. Yeah, he was there,
the Diaz fight. And, um, you know, my thing about Nick Diaz is like,
when I looked at him physically, I was like,
I don't know how much he's been training. Like when Nick was in his prime,
he was like really lean. And he was, you know, I mean, he's definitely,
he is like an older guy now. And how old though? I think he's like 30.
I don't know how old is. 38. 38. Is he really? Yeah,
but the thing is like,
I don't think you can just jump back in that easy after six years outta the
sport. I think you'd probably need more time to prepare. I don't know. He kind.
Of got, right?
Well,
I don't know how much time he had to prepare and why they agreed to do a fight
on short notice. Cause I think it was only like six weeks notice,
which I think was, is fine. If you are, you know,
Michael Chandler,
if you're in like peak form right now and you're ready to go and someone gives
you six weeks, I bet you can get ready for a fight.
But if you're a guy who's been off for that long, you're gonna need more time.
I think I'm just guessing. I don't, I don't know how much time it took him,
but my point was,
he didn't do that bad for a guy that was out six months. Yeah. You know,
Robby Lawler was pressuring him, him and he was putting it on him.
And he was definitely getting the better the exchanges,
but it's not like Nick Diaz didn't have his moments and he definitely did.
He would just have to have really like way more time to prepare he and
he would have to really be like ready to go.
Like the old Nick di like the Nick Diaz fought Anderson Silva.
Like the Nick Diaz, if for George St. Pierre,
like the Nick di that fought Paul Daley. And Strikeforce, I mean,
that dude was a killer. It's just like, can he still do that at 38? Well,
maybe we don't know if you just have one fight, you need time.
Like about if your body hasn't been used to this stuff and you haven't been
training as much as you were when you in your prime.
If you still wanna to do it again, like legitimately, physically,
you probably can. But it's like, you know, you've run a marathon. Yeah.
When you start out and you run a mile and you're dead and you're like,
I can't believe anybody could run 26 of those.
But if you do it over and over and over again, you build up.
I don't think you had a chance.
I don't think Nick Diaz has had a chance to build back up after being off for
that much time. I think you get back to where he was Nick Diaz in his best.
You gotta like, he's gotta have some time.
Those Diaz's brothers were great for their, their pace.
They could last the whole fight. Cause they're cardio.
Well, it's, they're, they're always in the triathlons and.
They got CRO Gracie into that too. Really? It's yeah.
It's one of the reasons why he's so good is his cardio. I.
Did triathlon most terrifying thing I've ever done a my life. Oh my God, man.
I'm running the New York city marathon. When's that? November 6th. How.
Are you doing that? Like this? I don't know, Joe.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> what the are you doing you? No, no. You saw.
Saw, saw stand up into the cage. I figure out, figure it out. Robb.
The won't be there. <laugh>.
Why did you just, uh, make yourself smaller first? I don't.
Know. We should do another cocktail. I'm gonna try to lose weight.
I'm gonna try to lose weight.
Watch the entire episode for free. Only on Spotify.